apps/docs/pages/reference/commands.en.mdx, before:

# Commands

All commands can be assigned to hotkeys in the settings. For more information on assigning hotkeys, see [here](https://help.obsidian.md/User+interface/Hotkeys)

## Playback Control [#playback]

- **Play/pause**: Toggle between playing and pausing the media.
- **Mute/unmute**: Toggle the audio of the media on or off.
- **Enter/exit fullscreen**: Toggle fullscreen mode for the media player.

## Seeking [#seeking]

- **Rewind ~s**: Move the media playback position backwards by a specified number of seconds (`0.5`, `1`, `2`, `5`, `10`, `30`, `60`).
- **Forward ~s**: Same as the previous command, but move the media playback position forwards.
- **Fast forward at ~x by holding hotkey**: Increase playback speed to a specified rate (`1.25x`, `1.5x`, `2x`, `3x`, `5x`, `10x`) while holding a specific hotkey.
    - This command won't work if no hotkey is set in the settings.

## Media Interaction [#media-interaction]

- **Open media**: Open a media file within Obsidian using media quick switcher.
- **Take timestamp**: Capture the current playback time as a timestamp.
- **Copy screenshot**: Copy a screenshot of the current media frame to the clipboard.
- **Save screenshot**: Save a screenshot of the current media frame, and attach it to the current note.
- **Take timestamp in media note**: Capture the current playback time as a timestamp and add it to a media note.
- **Save screenshot in media note**: Save a screenshot of the current media frame and add it to a media note.
- **Take timestamp on current recording**: Capture the playback time for the current recording session. (* New in v3.1.0 *)

## Playback Speed Adjustment [#playback-speed]

- **Set playback speed to ~x**: Adjust the playback speed to a specific rate (options: `0.25x`, `0.5x`, `1x`, `1.5x`, `2x`, `3x`, `5x`, `10x`).
- **Increase playback speed**: Increase the playback speed within a range of predefined increments (same as `Set playback speed to ~x`).
- **Decrease playback speed**: Same as the previous command, but decrease the playback speed.
- **Set playback speed to custom value**: Prompt for a custom playback speed value to set.
- **Reset playback speed**: Reset the playback speed to the default rate.
- **Increase playback speed by 0.1x**: Slightly increase the playback speed.
- **Decrease playback speed by 0.1x**: Same as the previous command, but slightly decrease the playback speed.

## Other Commands [#others]

- **Login website**: Log into a website to access media content that requires authentication.

Commit message:

feat(command): config speed step
close #293

apps/docs/pages/reference/commands.en.mdx, after:

# Commands

All commands can be assigned to hotkeys in the settings. For more information on assigning hotkeys, see [here](https://help.obsidian.md/User+interface/Hotkeys)

## Playback Control [#playback]

- **Play/pause**: Toggle between playing and pausing the media.
- **Mute/unmute**: Toggle the audio of the media on or off.
- **Enter/exit fullscreen**: Toggle fullscreen mode for the media player.

## Seeking [#seeking]

- **Rewind ~s**: Move the media playback position backwards by a specified number of seconds (`0.5`, `1`, `2`, `5`, `10`, `30`, `60`).
- **Forward ~s**: Same as the previous command, but move the media playback position forwards.
- **Fast forward at ~x by holding hotkey**: Increase playback speed to a specified rate (`1.25x`, `1.5x`, `2x`, `3x`, `5x`, `10x`) while holding a specific hotkey.
    - This command won't work if no hotkey is set in the settings.

## Media Interaction [#media-interaction]

- **Open media**: Open a media file within Obsidian using media quick switcher.
- **Take timestamp**: Capture the current playback time as a timestamp.
- **Copy screenshot**: Copy a screenshot of the current media frame to the clipboard.
- **Save screenshot**: Save a screenshot of the current media frame, and attach it to the current note.
- **Take timestamp in media note**: Capture the current playback time as a timestamp and add it to a media note.
- **Save screenshot in media note**: Save a screenshot of the current media frame and add it to a media note.
- **Take timestamp on current recording**: Capture the playback time for the current recording session. (* New in v3.1.0 *)

## Playback Speed Adjustment [#playback-speed]

- **Set playback speed to ~x**: Adjust the playback speed to a specific rate (options: `0.25x`, `0.5x`, `1x`, `1.5x`, `2x`, `3x`, `5x`, `10x`).
- **Increase playback speed**: Increase the playback speed within a range of predefined increments (same as `Set playback speed to ~x`).
- **Decrease playback speed**: Same as the previous command, but decrease the playback speed.
- **Set playback speed to custom value**: Prompt for a custom playback speed value to set.
- **Reset playback speed**: Reset the playback speed to the default rate.
- **Increase playback speed slightly**: Slightly increase the playback speed, step is 0.1x by default, which could be configured.
- **Decrease playback speed slightly**: Same as the previous command, but slightly decrease the playback speed.

## Other Commands [#others]

- **Login website**: Log into a website to access media content that requires authentication.
